Add RAW_JSON_STRING payload mode (#83)
neo4j/docs-kafka-connector: modules/ROOT/pages/source/payload-mode.adoc

== Configuration Recommendations

`COMPACT` mode is useful and easier to work with when generated messages are consumed with other connectors or applications, and you can relax your schema compatibility mode on target topics.
If your environment requires schema compatibility, temporal data types, or you have strong type safety requirements with different converters (`AVRO`, `JSON Schema`, `PROTOBUF` or `JSON Embedded`), `EXTENDED` mode should be preferred.

== Compatibility with Sink Connectors

The `EXTENDED` format was introduced in connector version 5.1.0 to ensure that all data published to Kafka topics adheres to a consistent schema.

> This prevents issues when a property changes type on the Neo4j side (e.g., a name property changes from integer to string), enabling smooth data processing across connectors and Kafka consumers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This prevents issues when a property changes type on the Neo4j side (for example, a name property changes from integer to string), enabling smooth data processing across connectors and Kafka consumers.
```

> When a Neo4j sink connector is fed by a Neo4j source connector, it’s recommended to use `EXTENDED` mode, as the Neo4j sink connector can seamlessly handle the `EXTENDED` data type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `EXTENDED` mode when a Neo4j sink connector is fed by a Neo4j source connector, as the Neo4j sink connector can seamlessly handle the `EXTENDED` data type.
```
